How To Install Docker on CentOS 6
Filed under: Technical Support
Docker 101: The Basics
I. How To Install Docker on CentOS 6
II. How To List and Attach to Docker Containers
III. How to Commit Changes and Create Docker Images
IV. How to View Logs for a Docker Container

Introduction
Docker is a container-based software framework for automating deployment of applications. “Containers” are encapsulated, lightweight, and portable application modules. The major (intended) benefit of using a container is that your application will run consistently on and between any server, be it cloud or dedicated, or of varying operating systems.
Pre-Flight Check
As of June 2014 Docker has officially released v1.0.0.
These instructions are intended for installing Docker.
I’ll be working from a Liquid Web Core Managed CentOS 6.5 server, and I’ll be logged in as root.

Add the EPEL Repository
Docker is part of Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux (EPEL), which is a community repository of non-standard packages for the RHEL distribution. First, we’ll install the EPEL repository:
rpm -iUvh http://dl.fedoraproject.org/pub/epel/6/x86_64/epel-release-6-8.noarch.rpm
Then, as a matter of best practice, we’ll update our packages:

yum update -y

Installation
Now let’s install Docker by installing the docker-io package:

yum -y install docker-io

Once the installation completes, we’ll need to start the Docker daemon:
service docker start
And finally, and optionally, let’s configure Docker to start when the server boots:

chkconfig docker on

Download a Docker Container
Let’s begin using Docker! Download the fedora Docker image:
docker pull fedora
Run a Docker Container
Now, to setup a basic fedora container with a bash shell, we just run one command. docker run will run a command in a 
new container, -i attaches stdin and stdout, -t allocates a tty, and we’re using the standard fedora container.
docker run -i -t fedora /bin/bash

That’s it! You’re now using a bash shell inside of a fedora docker container.
To disconnect, or detach, from the shell without exiting use the escape sequence Ctrl-p + Ctrl-q.
There are many community containers already available, which can be found through a search. In the command below I am searching for the keyword centos:
docker search centos